---
title: Parents Gateway
permalink: /rv-partners/Parents-Gateway/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Dear Parents of River Valley Primary School,</p><p>Parents Gateway is an initiative by MOE to enable parents to interact with schools more conveniently on administrative and financial matters. Parents will also be able to use this mobile application to stay updated on school’s programme and activities.</p><h3><strong>Parents Gateway</strong></h3><hr><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="560" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PCM5o8jAncc"></iframe></div><p><a href="/files/RV%20Partners/Parents%20Gateway/PG-Parents-User-Guide.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">PG Parents User Guide</a></p><p><a href="https://apps.apple.com/sg/app/parents-gateway/id1267198708" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">iOS: Parents Gateway on Apple AppStore</a></p><p><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.moe.pgp" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Android: Parents Gateway on Google PlayStore</a></p><h4><strong>FAQs for your information:</strong>&nbsp;</h4><p><strong>What is Parents Gateway?</strong></p><p>Parents Gateway is a mobile app that connects parents and schools on key administrative matters, allowing schools to send updates on programmes and activities to parents, and for parents to perform administrative functions such as providing consent for their children to participate in school activities.</p><p>It aims to aggregate parent-teacher communications securely on a centralised digital platform. It is integrated with existing MOE records systems, so updates will be reflected in Parents Gateway in real-time.</p><p><strong>What functions are available in Parents Gateway?</strong></p><p>Parents can view&nbsp;<strong>school announcements</strong>,&nbsp;<strong>consent forms</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>travel declaration</strong>&nbsp;using the app. Parents who wish to receive reminders on upcoming events, there is an “Add to Calendar” feature. Upon selection, the event would be synced with your phone calendar. New features will be added in future.</p><p><strong>Who can access Parents Gateway?</strong></p><p>Access to Parents Gateway is granted to parents and legal guardians of students studying in MOE schools in Singapore. You will need your SingPass to access Parents Gateway.</p><p><strong>Can I access Parents Gateway on the computer?</strong></p><p>Parents Gateway is currently only available as a mobile application.</p><p><strong>What if I am unable to use Parents Gateway?</strong></p><p>We will continue to issue hard-copy letters and consent forms to parents and legal guardians who are unable to use Parents Gateway.</p><blockquote><h4><a href="https://pg.moe.edu.sg/faq" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">For more FAQ click here</a></h4></blockquote><p></p>